One cup for every three bricks.
Yard is in two hours. Book.
You messing with me?
They want to see me?
George Greene. 10/1/80.
That's me.
I'll stand.
I like Black people.
I like Brown people.
I like Red people.
I believe in a free market.
What are you. a
guidance counselor?
This is my workout time.
You called me up
here to tell me that?
I'll have one of my people take care of
it. Next time send a kite.
And why would I do that?
Look. two equal parts
of the same heart.
Yes?
My love.
Good. Papa will be back in
a week with more.
Very good.
I love you.
One cup for every three bricks.
Be strong and be smart.
Do you think it's a bad idea that we're
sending our son to the US?
Ma'am?
I don't believe in
good. or in bad.
Would you send your son?
Let's not talk about my family.
Thank you for the coffee.
Hello Mr. Garza.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
And you.
- This is my son. Lago.
- Hello.
You said he was a boy.
but this is a man.
Very strong.
Please.
Lago.
He's very smart.
He had to quit school
to help maintain the farm.
But when he gets to the United States.
he'd like to become a doctor.
Or an accountant.
Yes. of course.
The world needs more
smart. strong. men.
Mexicans.
Now more than ever.
But baby steps.
Baby steps. Let's not put
too much pressure on our boy.
The American Dream awaits you.
Lago. But it's not easy.
It's all possible
but it's not easy.
I've seen boys just like you
become bankers.
entrepreneurs. lawyers...
Bankers! Entrepreneurs!
Yes.
Good. very good.
He speaks it perfectly.
Now. you said there was a
problem with the payment?
Yes. I can't pay it all at once.
May I pay you monthly?
No. That's not how it works.
And what about the
deed to your farm?
Who's next?
Stand still.
Move.
Eight. nine. ten.
Very good. very good. very good.
Ruby told you to fix the truck?
Yes. You know it. good man.
You're next. Go.
Everybody onto the truck!
See you in America.
you bastards.
Yeah.
- Hey. turn it back--
- No. listen.
You're crazy. It's nothing.
Calm down.
Take this exit.
It's okay.
We're almost there. man.
We'll take the next one.
Help me.
Friend. help me!
Please. help me.
Son.
We can divide the money.
How you doin'. Ma?
How is Mick?
You're not late. Mick.
Go get some food.
Excuse me.
Where do you think you're going?
Sit down. Keep my ma company.
What?
Yeah.
Yes.
I know 'em.
Who are your
partners. the Surenos?
I'll see what I can do.
Have a nice day.
How are you?
Good.
Can you drive?
Yes.
Let's go.
It's okay?
The Juice is loose. baby!
Yesterday.
Your cousin Jarel's in there.
They pulled his papers. PC now.
Big Dink's in there. too. G-Pop.
I came to talk about Cali.
I can't leave the state.
I have some new friends.
And they asked me to speak to
you about ending this
problem between you
and the Sureons.
The IBH.
And I have a feeling if we don't work this
out. things might get worse.
That's it.
There's one more
thing they want.
Your next address
will be sent here.
You click.
Follow the instructions.
You park. You wait five minutes.
If more than five minutes. pass.
You leave. onto the next.
Grey and Clear. okay?
Sixty a gram.
They enter. tell you how many.
Give you the money.
you give them the bags.
The money first always. okay?
We're open from 9AM to 10PM.
Never earlier. never later.
No small talk.
They enter. You serve them.
They leave. That's it.
Anyone who has our number
knows the drill.
And most important rule.
Never leave the car.
If you need to take a piss or a
shit. call.
I will send you an address
of a safe place.
What happens when I run out?
You won't ever run out.
Where are you going?
No!
That's what he just said. Mick.
No. I don't know.
And you gotta be careful.
Someome's gonna put a bullet in your head
if you keep talking like that.
This isn't 1950.
Stop.
Turn it off.
Get out.
Keys.
You'll take this car
after your lunch.
Thank you.
Hey. You hungry?
Yes.
Food's almost ready.
Where's the bathroom?
Over there. To the right.
Don't get lost.
One cup for every three bricks.
My grandmother was
from Chihuahua.
I'm from Nuevo León.
My name is Colby.
It's nice to meet you. Lago.
I'll see you around.
They know you were talking to
cops. Mick.
Stop the car!
Fuck you. Mickey.
We didn't make it
all the way there.
Check your texts.
He's off Creek Nation Turnpike.
Mile marker 22.
if you wan to see for yourself.
Send me the next address
when you have it.
Come here.
Are you the boss?
Where is Ramon?
Ma. come on. we gotta go.
I'll wait for your call.